Updating documentation with an working example for creating NewExporter (#1513)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

> - Updated example code in README.md for creating new exporter. `WithAddress` is replaced with `WithEndpoint`. (#1513)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### Fixed

- The example code in the README.md of `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp` is moved to a compiled example test and used the new `WithAddress` instead of `WithEndpoint`. (#1513)
- The otel-collector example now uses the default OTLP receiver port of the collector. (#1513)
```

This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

> - The example code in the README.md of `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp` is moved to a compiled example test and used the new `WithAddress` instead of `WithEndpoint`. (#1513)

Reviewer: This still needs to be moved to a sub-header of the `Unreleased` section. I.E. `Fixed`.

  - `Start()` is optional; use `Collect()` and `ForEach()` for Pull behavior
  - `Start()` and `Stop()` accept Context. (#1378)
- The `Event` type is moved from the `otel/sdk/export/trace` package to the `otel/trace` API package. (#1452)

> - Updated example code in README.md for creating new exporter. `WithAddress` is replaced with `WithEndpoint`. (#1513)

Reviewer: Please move this to the unreleased section.
